                                       **** Emergency siren*****
As well all know that there is no technology or application that helps police or army people to respond quickly
if any thing happens bad to our nation or nearby surrounding people(like theft,murder,etc) or accidents.
So i would like to come up with an idea(Emergency siren) that helps us to resolve this problems quickly.
Basically it is for all the people in india to stop any criminal activity around us.

It has 2 interfaces 
1.for army people
2.for police and normal people

lets discuss about 1st interface:-
              1. As we all know that it is difficult to inform with other army person if any terrorist activity going to happen.
                 so by clicking this Emergency siren button it will inform all the army officals about any criminal or terrorist activity.
              2. Additional feature was it also inform officals based on signal from nearby tower(like we usally like in where is my train application)
                 beacuse some times it difficult to get internet from various places most likely hill areas.
              3. Before creating account user need to prove himself as an army officer by providing required documents.
              4. It will send geographial details to offical using google maps, etc.
              5. our application will be highly secured and condifential.

2nd interface:-
               1. As we all know that criminal cases were increasing day to day, we can stop this by police officals ASAP.
               2. we need click the siren button if any criminal activity by writing a small note (like murder,kidnap, rape,etc).
               3. The data will be shared with near by police station and with comissioner of respective state.
               4. No one misuse this application because we will also share contact info and georaphical location of repoerted person 
                  with officals.
               5.we will be providing details about what to do if anyone going to face any issue regarding their safety.


           
Note:- 1.we can add more features later i telling u guys to get an overview about this topic.
       2. we can add hospital interface for accidents if we are interested.
       3. Here we are not accessing any data bcoz we need to do just a protocol type and with this we expalin about our project in demo.
       4. we will be building this without functionality.